Kidus Elias
510.381.1392 | info@kiduselias.com | Oakland, CA 94612 | www.linkedin.com/in/kidus-elias/| kiduselias.com
S U M M A R Y
An ambitious developer who strives to use technology to create a better and happier world. I have
professional and self-combined experienced in developing robust applications. I graduated in
computer science and completed an Android Development Nanodegree given by Google/Udacity.
Worked with the third-party API’s such as Facebook/Google Sign In and various Firebase APIs.
Experienced using git for version control and using android studio stable/beta versions to test
new SDK features and include them to the current app version. In addition to Android, I have
developed released few iOS apps. My goal is to create software that will have a positive effect to
people around the world.
E X P E R I E N C E / P R O J E C T S
Kaiser Permanente  – Android Developer April 2019 - Present
● Work closely with a team of Android developers and UI/UX developers.
● Pair Programming towards problem resolution and feature enhancements for native android
application with continuous releases.
● Uses Jenkins For Continuous Integration and Git for version control.
● Tools: Agile, Kotlin, Android Studio
Garcon LLC Android Developer Intern  – Android Developer December 2018 - April 2019
● Design and develop code for an Android Application for the restaurant industry
● Using GitHub and Git for VCS.
● Github - https://github.com/kiduel/HappyStory
Happy Story – Android Developer November 2018
● Android Application that shows uplifting and inspiring stories. Application permits users to save and
download their favorite stories.
● Developed using Android Architecture Components Room, Livedata and Viewmodel.
● Used Retrofit and GSON to automatically serialize JSON response from custom API.
● Github - https://github.com/kiduel/HappyStory
PopularMovies  – Android Developer July 2018
● Functional android app which allows user to discover the most popular, the most rated or the highest
rated movies. This application uses themoviedb.org web to fetch movie information.
● Favorite movies are saved in SQLtable using SQLite, various libraries used improve experience.
● Github - https://github.com/kiduel/PopularMovies
● Material design using Constraint layout and Coordinatorlayout. Implemented various transnational
animations.
E D U C A T I O N
Computer Science - University of California, Santa Cruz 2017
Android Developer Nanodegree  by Google / Udacity - Udacity 2018
T E C H N I C A L S K I L L S
Languages: Java, Kotlin API’s: Facebook/Google Sign in, Firebase, GoogleMap
Testing Framework:  JUnit, Espresso, Mockito  Specialties: Android, XML, REST, RxJava, Dagger
Methodologies:  UML, Agile, Scrum, Waterfall, Singleton Version Control: Github
Web Technologies: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap  Designing Tools: Mock plus, Photoshop, Zeplin
